[doc] Modified dq, monitor, security, resources (#10715)
apache/dolphinscheduler: docs/docs/en/guide/resource/configuration.md

# Network IP gets priority, default inner outer
# Whether hive SQL is executed in the same session
support.hive.oneSession=false
# use sudo or not, if set true, executing user is tenant user and deploy user needs sudo permissions;
# if set false, executing user is the deploy user and doesn't need sudo permissions
sudo.enable=true
# network interface preferred like eth0, default: empty
#dolphin.scheduler.network.interface.preferred=
# network IP gets priority, default: inner outer
#dolphin.scheduler.network.priority.strategy=default
# system env path
#dolphinscheduler.env.path=env/dolphinscheduler_env.sh
# development state
development.state=false
# rpc port
alert.rpc.port=50052
```

> **Note:**
> 
> *  If only the `api-server/conf/common.properties` file is configured, then resource uploading is enabled, but you can not use resources in task. If you want to use or execute the files in the workflow you need to configure `worker-server/conf/common.properties` too.
> * If you want to use the resource upload function, the deployment user in [installation and deployment](../installation/standalone.md) must have relevant operation authority.

> > * If you using a Hadoop cluster with HA, you need to enable HDFS resource upload, and you need to copy the `core-site.xml` and `hdfs-site.xml` under the Hadoop cluster to `/opt/dolphinscheduler/conf`, otherwise skip this copy step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * If you using a Hadoop cluster with HA, you need to enable HDFS resource upload, and you need to copy the `core-site.xml` and `hdfs-site.xml` under the Hadoop cluster to `worker-server/conf` and `api-server/conf`, otherwise skip this copy step.
```

Reviewer: should not change this content
